hello to all today is social
and I was preparing the nutella a challenge
we will propose me I will do
then you will need hazelnuts
world is there have not fallen and I
make chocolate care rights
we need hazelnut oil
of sugar place two of vanilla extract
from the 4th to the mayor and all seized yet
if like to weigh compose their
amount
a bowl and a mixer here I forgot to
also tell you to add a two
spoons of cream soup spoons
cool for it to be a little
nutella texture
so I'll tell you the quantity
it takes the ingredients for him
then it takes 100 g of hazelnut world
and a tablespoon of olive oil
hazelnut a teaspoon of extract
vanilla a tablespoon of cocoa
lean July 4th 4 tablespoons of
icing sugar and then 100 g of chocolate
milk
for the world and you have to put them
in boiling water then after removing
their skin with their nails is
difficult but you have to leave them in
hot water to remove the water otherwise it
do not remove this time you need them
put clean oven minutes to 150
degrees plus it's going to make powder
but do not worry, you have to
add the ingredients that I have you
said and it will not work quickly but
that's still hoisted up to 20
good dough then start
now to avoid the family
then the hazelnut oil and and the extract
vanilla
here we get his umut and there I
will taste right after for now
you have to put it
so in the required time is there
if this tutorial to prepare the nutella
you liked you can like to share
examine tracks